Team Members									          Period
Jonathan Huang										    9	Giorgio Vidali

Team Name
Black


Project Title
Vim City: BlackJack Casino

I. Project Idea
Create a turn-based game of Blackjack
Examples of games this is similar to: any BlackJack game ever

II. Critical Features
1. GUI
Dealer’s cards at the top
Player’s cards at the bottom along with the amount of money they have
2. Cards and blackjack itself
Deal the Cards and then allow players to Hit or Stay
Include all basic rules of BlackJack
3. Number of players 1-4
4. Betting
Minimum size bet and Maximum size bet

III. To be Added Later Features
1. Poker Table GUI Skin
2. Smooth Animations
3. Option for AI to make a decision for you











IV. Development Stages


First Giorgio and Jonathan will create card, suit, and deck classes that can be displayed in the terminal. This is essentially the backbone of our project, without the cards we will be unable to continue forward.

Once we have completed those classes we will move onto implementing the rules of blackjack into our program. We will make sure it is playable and that bugs don’t occur as we add more players into the game. While working on this we will also begin working on our GUI, as to make sure we have some fluidity between the visual part and coding part.

Our GUI is going to be one of the defining parts of our project. We are going to work together on this as it should be fairly challenging. We first need to make sure we have basic functionality and then once that is achieved we can begin to work on the layout. For more on the GUI, refer to the diagrams.


























V. Diagrams of Features

	Diagram One:

Shows the current number of players in the game.
This is the deck of cards on the left and the dealer's hand on the right. One card is showing and the other is face down under the up card.
This is the player's’ cards section. In the beginning each player has two face up cards with a number above the cards to show their current hand value.
This shows how much money each of the players have. Players cannot bet more than they have.
Maybe the most important component of the whole GUI. The hit and stay buttons either deliver another card to a player or allows the player to stay put with their current two cards

























	Diagram Two:

Radio Buttons to choose how many players you want.
Text box to choose what the starting amount of money for each player is, cannot be set past or below certain amounts.
Play/Start button to initiate the game.
